Modify README to prevent contributions (#769)
meilisearch/milli: README.md

<p align="center">a concurrent indexer combined with fast and relevant search algorithms</p>

---

> DO NOT CONTRIBUTE TO THIS REPOSITORY ANYMORE, IT WILL BE ARCHIVED SOON. ONLY MEILI TEAM IS ALLOWED TO CONTRIBUTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DO NOT CONTRIBUTE TO THIS REPOSITORY ANYMORE. IT WILL BE ARCHIVED SOON. ONLY THE MEILISEARCH TEAM IS ALLOWED TO CONTRIBUTE.
```

> The content of this repository is now available in the [Meilisearch repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch) in the workspace `milli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of this repository is now available in the [Meilisearch repository in the workspace `milli`](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/tree/main/milli).
```
